Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md

---
title: "accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem resource type"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, the `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem` represents a decision on a user's access on an `accessReviewInstance`."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a decision on a user's access on an accessReviewInstance."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents an Azure AD [access review](accessreviewsv2-root.md) decision on an instance of a review. This decision represents the determination of a user or service principal's access for a given access review.

Reviewer 2: Could you have a  "for a given [access review]()" that links to the container instance.  So that if someone comes across this article they can navigate to the article on the access review all up.

## Methods

> | Method		   | Return Type	|Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Method | Return Type | Description |
```

|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[List accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-list.md) | [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) collection | Lists every `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem` for a specific `accessReviewInstance`. |

> |[List accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems pending approval](../api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-listpendingapproval.md) | [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) collection. | Get all `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems` assigned to the calling user, for a specific `accessReviewInstance`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems pending approval](../api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-listpendingapproval.md) | [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) collection. | Get all accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems assigned to the calling user, for a specific accessReviewInstance. |
```

> |[Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-update.md) | None. | For any `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems` that the calling user is assigned a reviewer on, calling user can record a decision by patching the decision object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-update.md) | None. | For any accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems that the calling user is assigned a reviewer on, calling user can record a decision by patching the decision object. |
```

## Properties

> | Property                  | Type                                |  Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property | Type |  Description |
```

> | :-------------------------| :---------------------------------- | :---------- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :---------------| :---- | :---------- |
```

> | `id`                            |`String`                      | ID of the decision                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id | String | The identifier of the decision. |
```

> | `accessReviewId`                |`String`                      | ID of the accessReviewInstance parent                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accessReviewId | String | The identifier of the accessReviewInstance parent. |
```

> | `reviewedBy`                    |`microsoft.graph.userIdentity`| Reviewer user ID                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reviewedBy | [userIdentity](useridentity.md) | The identifier of the reviewer. |
```

> | `reviewedDateTime`                  |`DateTimeOffset`              | DateTime when review occurred                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reviewedDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The DateTime when the review occurred. |
```

| decision | String | Result of the review. Possible values: `Approve`, `Deny`, `NotReviewed`, or `DontKnow`. |
| justification | String | The review decision justification. |
| appliedBy | [userIdentity](useridentity.md) | The identifier of the user who applied the decision. |
| appliedDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The DateTime when the approval decision was applied. |
| applyResult | String | The result of applying the decision. Possible values: `NotApplied`, `Success`, `Failed`, `NotFound`, or `NotSupported`. |

> | recommendation | String | A system-generated recommendation for the approval decision. Possible values: `Approve`, `Deny`, or `NotAvailable`.  |

Reviewer 2: where's the other recommendatoin detail like user hasn't signed in

Author: last sign in info is not available in the APIs

Reviewer 2: do we have a bug open for that?

> | `decision`                      |`String`                      | Result of the review. Values can be: `Approve` `Deny` `NotReviewed` `DontKnow`.                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| decision | String | Result of the review. Possible values: `Approve`, `Deny`, `NotReviewed`, or `DontKnow`. |
```

> | `justification`                 |`String`                      | Review decision justification                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| justification | String | The review decision justification. |
```

> | `appliedBy`                     |`microsoft.graph.userIdentity`| User ID of the user who applied the decision                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appliedBy | [userIdentity](useridentity.md) | The identifier of the user who applied the decision. |
```

> | `appliedDateTime`               |`DateTimeOffset`              | DateTime when approval decision was applied                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appliedDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The DateTime when the approval decision was applied. |
```

> | `applyResult`                   |`String`                      | Result of applying the decision. Values are: `NotApplied` `Success` `Failed` `NotFound` `NotSupported`.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| applyResult | String | The result of applying the decision. Possible values: `NotApplied`, `Success`, `Failed`, `NotFound`, or `NotSupported`. |
```

> | `recommendation`          |`String`                      | System-generated recommendation for the approval decision. Values are: `Approve` `Deny` `NotAvailable`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| recommendation | String | A system-generated recommendation for the approval decision. Possible values: `Approve`, `Deny`, or `NotAvailable`.  |
```

> | `target`                       |`microsoft.graph.accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemTarget`                      | Target of this specific decision. Decision Targets can be of different types – each one with its own specific properties. See [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemTarget](accessreviewinstancedecisionitemtarget.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| target | [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemTarget](accessreviewinstancedecisionitemtarget.md)  | The target of this specific decision. Decision targets can be of different types – each one with its own specific properties. See [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemTarget](accessreviewinstancedecisionitemtarget.md). |
```

## Relationships

| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> | `instance`               |[accessReviewInstance](accessreviewinstance.md)          | There is exactly one `accessReviewInstance` associated with each decision. The instance is the parent of the decision item, representing the recurrence of the access review the decision is made on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| instance |[accessReviewInstance](accessreviewinstance.md) | There is exactly one accessReviewInstance associated with each decision. The instance is the parent of the decision item, representing the recurrence of the access review the decision is made on. |
```
